Handle maintenance mode for yggdrasil (#7)
numberly/yggdrasil: README.md

The `ingressClasses` is a list of ingress classes that yggdrasil will watch for.
Each cluster represents a different Kubernetes cluster with the token being a service account token for that cluster. `ca` is the Path to the ca certificate for that cluster.

Maintenance is a new mode that allow to set a cluster in maintenance mode :
- Upstream only in one cluster are keeped
- Upstream in at least 1 cluster that is not in maintenance is deleted for the cluster in maintenance mode
- Yggdrasil will Fatal if all clusters are in maintenance mode.

This is optional and equal to `false` by default.

> kubernetesClusterName is the name of the cluster, its only for information and will be used for metrics. Optional default to `""`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubernetesClusterName is the name of the cluster, it's only for information and will be used for metrics. Optional defaults to `""`
```

## Metrics
Yggdrasil has a number of Go, gRPC, Prometheus, and Yggdrasil-specific metrics built in which can be reached by cURLing the `/metrics` path at the health API address/port (default: 8081). See [Flags](#Flags) for more information on configuring the health API address/port.

The Yggdrasil-specific metrics which are available from the API are:

| Name                                         | Description                                    | Type     |
|----------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|----------|
| yggdrasil_cluster_updates                    | Number of times the clusters have been updated | counter  |
| yggdrasil_clusters                           | Total number of clusters generated             | gauge    |
| yggdrasil_ingresses                          | Total number of matching ingress objects       | gauge    |
| yggdrasil_listener_updates                   | Number of times the listener has been updated  | counter  |
| yggdrasil_virtual_hosts                      | Total number of virtual hosts generated        | gauge    |

> | yggdrasil_kubernetes_clusters_in_maintenance | Return 1 if cluster in maintenance or 0        | gauge    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| yggdrasil_kubernetes_cluster_in_maintenance | Return 1 if cluster in maintenance or 0        | gauge    |
```
I would put that in singular as metrics concern each cluster instance
